Flipped by Wendelin Van Draanen

Copyright © 2001 and 2016 by Wendelin Van Draanen Parsons

Published by arrangement with Curtis Brown Ltd.

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

Flipped


"We flipped over this fantastic book, its gutsy girl Juli and its wise, wonderful ending." — The Chicago Tribune

"Delightful! Delicious! And totally teen." — BookPage *

"With a charismatic leading lady kids will flip over, a compelling dynamic between the two narrators and a resonant ending, this novel is a great deal larger than the sum of its parts." — Publishers Weekly*

"A wonderful, light-hearted novel." — Library Talk

"This is a wry character study, a romance with substance and subtlety." — Booklist

"A highly agreeable romantic comedy." — Kirkus Reviews.

Dedicated with infinite love to Colton and Connor, who make me feel like so much more than the sum of my parts.

Special thanks to…

my husband, Mark Parsons,

who helps me feel the magic,

and

my excellent editor, Nancy Siscoe,

for her care and insight

(and for making me stick to a reduced-filler diet).

Also, eternal gratitude to

Tad Callahan and Patricia Gabel,

who were on the ball when we needed it most.

Finally, thanks to Jeanne Madrid and the staff at Casa De Vida —

may you keep the spirit.

More praise for

FLIPPED

“We flipped over this fantastic book, its gutsy girl Juli and its wise, wonderful ending.”

—The Chicago Tribune

“Delightful! Delicious! And totally teen.”

—BookPage

“With a charismatic leading lady kids will flip over, a compelling dynamic between the two narrators and a resonant ending, this novel is a great deal larger than the sum of its parts.”
—Publishers Weekly, Starred

“A wonderful, light-hearted novel.”

—Library Talk

“This is a wry character study, a romance with substance and subtlety.”

—Booklist

“A highly agreeable romantic comedy.”

—Kirkus Reviews

Dedicated with infinite love to

Colton and Connor,

who make me feel like so much more than the sum of my parts.

Special thanks to …

my husband, Mark Parsons,

who helps me feel the magic,

and

my excellent editor, Nancy Siscoe,

for her care and insight

(and for making me stick to a reduced-filler diet).

Also, eternal gratitude to

Tad Callahan and Patricia Gabel,

who were on the ball when we needed it most.

Finally, thanks to Jeanne Madrid and the staff at Casa De Vida—

may you keep the spirit.

CONTENTS

Diving Under

Flipped

Buddy, Beware!

The Sycamore Tree

Brawk-Brawk-Brawk!

The Eggs

Get a Grip, Man

The Yard

Looming Large and Smelly

The Visit

The Serious Willies

The Dinner

Flipped

The Basket Boys



